README.md, before:

# `git-clone-or-pull`

Ensure a git repo exists on disk and that it's up-to-date

## Installation

    npm install git-clone-or-pull

## Usage

_**WARNING:**_ if you use the NodeGit implementation (default) this module will make a call to `nodegit`'s `Remote.url()` method which is _synchronous_!

Simple example:

```js
var cloneOrPull = require('git-clone-or-pull');
var path = require('path');

cloneOrPull('git://github.com/strugee/node-git-clone-or-pull.git', path.join(process.cwd(), 'node-git-clone-or-pull'), function(err) {
    if (err) throw err;

    // Use repo
});
```

The `cloneOrPull()` function takes three arguments. In order:

`url` (`String`) - the URL to clone from

`opts` (`String` or `Object`) the pathname to clone to if a `String`, otherwise an object containing module options (see "Options" below)

`callback` (`Function`) function callback that will be called upon completion of the clone or pull. If there is an error, it will be passed as the first argument.

## Options

`pathname` (`String`) - the pathname to clone to. If a `String` is provided instead of an options `Object`, it will be used as `pathname`'s value.

`implementation` (`String`) - the implementation to use; defaults to `nodegit` in most cases (see "Implementations" below)

## Implementations

* `nodegit` uses NodeGit, the libgit2 bindings for Node. Note that this implementation will make a call to NodeGit's `Remote.url()` method which is _synchronous_!
* `subprocess` is based on spawning `git` subprocesses (which means you need a `git` binary installed).

Implementation is determined with the following algorithm:

1. If `opts.implementation` exists its value will be used as the implementation; if that implementation is unavailable an error will be returned to the callback
2. If NodeGit can be loaded, the implementation will be `nodegit`
3. If `git --version` returns an exit code of 0, the implementation will be `subprocess`
4. No implementation can be found and an error will be returned to the callback

Each implementation has its negatives: `nodegit` make a synchronous call (albeit a minor one) and does not work on Node.js <= 0.10. `subprocess` does not make any such call, and works on all versions - but it requires an external binary.

## License

LGPL 3.0+

## Author

Alex Jordan <alex@strugee.net>

Commit message:

Remove references to the synchronous NodeGit call in the README

README.md, after:

# `git-clone-or-pull`

Ensure a git repo exists on disk and that it's up-to-date

## Installation

    npm install git-clone-or-pull

## Usage

Simple example:

```js
var cloneOrPull = require('git-clone-or-pull');
var path = require('path');

cloneOrPull('git://github.com/strugee/node-git-clone-or-pull.git', path.join(process.cwd(), 'node-git-clone-or-pull'), function(err) {
    if (err) throw err;

    // Use repo
});
```

The `cloneOrPull()` function takes three arguments. In order:

`url` (`String`) - the URL to clone from

`opts` (`String` or `Object`) the pathname to clone to if a `String`, otherwise an object containing module options (see "Options" below)

`callback` (`Function`) function callback that will be called upon completion of the clone or pull. If there is an error, it will be passed as the first argument.

## Options

`pathname` (`String`) - the pathname to clone to. If a `String` is provided instead of an options `Object`, it will be used as `pathname`'s value.

`implementation` (`String`) - the implementation to use; defaults to `nodegit` in most cases (see "Implementations" below)

## Implementations

* `nodegit` uses NodeGit, the libgit2 bindings for Node.
* `subprocess` is based on spawning `git` subprocesses (which means you need a `git` binary installed).

Implementation is determined with the following algorithm:

1. If `opts.implementation` exists its value will be used as the implementation; if that implementation is unavailable an error will be returned to the callback
2. If NodeGit can be loaded, the implementation will be `nodegit`
3. If `git --version` returns an exit code of 0, the implementation will be `subprocess`
4. No implementation can be found and an error will be returned to the callback

Each implementation has its negatives: `nodegit` makes installation slightly more complicated. `subprocess` works on most systems - but it requires an external binary.

## License

LGPL 3.0+

## Author

Alex Jordan <alex@strugee.net>
